Instructions for using KUnit:

The project assumes a Python 3.X (Python 3.9 is recommended) is installed in the user system.
Additionally, the project requires several packages which are listed in requirements.txt file. 
Below, we provide a detailed guide on how to set up a virtual environment and install the necessary packages for running the project:

1. Clone the project in your system.

2. Open terminal and navigate to a folder named 'KUnit'.

3. Create a virtual environment. Run on terminal:

python3 -m venv kunit

4. Activate the environment:
source kunit/bin/activate

5. Install required packages:
pip install -r requirements.txt

6. For testing data preparation stage
	-- Navigate to KUnit_data
	-- Open data_preprocess.py in text editor, add the necessary steps according to the task and save it. 
	   (Note: To reproduce the results of motivation example these steps are already added.)
	-- In terminal run the file:
		python test_phase_preprocess.py
	   (Note: To reproduce the results of motivation example please enter type of problem - regression and neural network 
            architecture type - dnn.)
	-- The data from data_preprocess.py is default passed to the test_phase_preprocess.py. Test and debug your code using the fix 
           suggestions provided after executing the program.
	-- After fixing the bugs, run the program and check for bugs.

	
7. For testing model design stage
	-- Navigate to KUnit_model
	-- Open design_model.py in text editor, add the necessary steps according to the task and save it.
           (Note: To reproduce the results of motivation example these steps are already added.)
	-- In terminal run the file:
		python test_design_model.py
           (Note: To reproduce the results of motivation example please enter type of problem - regression and number of features - 7.)
	-- The model from design_model.py is default passed to the test_design_model.py. Test and debug your code using the fix 
           suggestions provided after executing the program.
	-- After fixing all the bugs, run test_improved_design_model.py. Test and debug your code using the fix suggestions provided 
           after executing the program. 

	
